Ladies and gentlemen, Harmontown is now in session.
And now, please welcome the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon!
It really worked out okay? Did that work? Okay, all right, we had a little false start there. Sure you don't want to, because we can pick it up.
All right, okay, you don't want to get a better, all right, because it seemed a little dry.
Sad. All right, Comptroller Duncan Trestle, things are going on.
How are you? I'm great, man. Thanks for asking. How you been? How's the tour going? It's going great. I've said I got nothing in the past, but really, I'm just rung like a rag.
I did San Francisco, I did Austin, I did Houston in the last three days, and I went to Communicon. A lot of these people are here from Communicon.
Communicon, Duncan, home of the Communicorn. Wow. Oh wow, you know, I had a, in Vancouver, my cab driver asked me if I believed in unicorns and then started presenting a very convincing argument for the existence of unicorns in Africa.
Really? Yeah, it was a long conversation.
I didn't even know there was like a, I didn't even know that it was possible. It was so beautiful, his belief in unicorns. It was incredible, and I realized he kind of looks like a unicorn, and I started thinking, oh, he's a unicorn driving a cab.
He was saying unicorns exist, and does he think there's a cover-up? Yes.
Because the missing ingredient of this is there would have to be a cover-up.
My friend, all roads lead to reptilians when you believe in unicorns, because it ventured into the reptilian realm after he was explaining.
Like once I told him, I definitely believe in unicorns, but I don't, but you know, like coast to coast, you know the show, Coast to Coast, when he's listening to people who believe in interesting ideas, he will just let them talk about it.
Is that Art Bell? It's Art Bell. Now it's George Noray now, isn't it? Art Bell's coming back again, but he was the master of bringing out a person's story.
So yeah, what he said is that he went up into the woods for a long time, and he got the ability to pet squirrels, like squirrels wouldn't run from him anymore, because he had become so pure.
So that happened to him, and then he saw a unicorn, but he wasn't in Africa.
He never saw a unicorn, but it's the theory that unicorns will only come to someone who's very pure.
So his point is, you know, you start with squirrels, it's like a starter unicorn.
Squirrel is like a burner cell phone for the aspiring drug dealer that is a unicorn handler. You're not Gus Fring just yet, you just got your little card, your little pay card.
I feel like that is something that's a conversation that I would never have with a cab driver, and when I'm with Dino Stamatopoulos, I feel like I witness it happen within 10 minutes, it'll turn out, if the bartender is into SNM, it will come out.
And Dino never says anything, he doesn't like walk around going, who's into SNM? But the bartender will just volunteer, because I'm near Dino, like she'll go, so did you want a rum and coke?
Okay, here you go, like, can I tell you something crazy? And it's uncanny, and I think with you, I think this is a thing with people, like I think we emit like an aura, a pheromone or something, we kind of, it must be, right?
I think so, it's, yeah, that's cool, I mean, I'd much rather somebody talk about SNM than unicorns, but on to say, actually, kind of, I like them both, but yeah, I know what you mean, this is something that is a chaos magic practice where you look at the entire universe as an oracle,
and when you go out into the universe with the intention of learning something, it will start talking to you, and whatever you're putting out, it'll reflect back and give you a chance to learn more about the universe.
In this case, it was unicorns, man, but they, you know, the idea behind unicorns is that he knew all these crazy unicorn details, like, they carry a baby for two years in their stomach.
Is it because the horn? Like, you should get a baby unicorn out of you as soon as possible, I would think, depending on how that horn works.
Well, it's, the horn is a receiver, the horn acts as a kind of antenna, according to him.
Right, because nothing in nature has no purpose, like God knows deer who have, like, way more than a unicorn horn, they're receiving all kinds of magic. No, they're just deer, this guy doesn't give a shit about deer, even though they have way more horns than unicorns.
I just thought that was kind of odd, like, unicorns, they're not that remarkable, they're just a horse with one shitty horn. It's like, they're almost less remarkable looking than a deer.
That's right, yeah, they are, I guess they're albino, there's something about them, they're sort of white in glory.
Big deal, there's white horses. Big deal.
They're blood kills illnesses. They're blood kills, you're just quoting, like, the monster manual.
I'm saying that the image of a unicorn, like, it's just a horse with a horn, that's the bare minimum requirement of a unicorn, and I think it's kind of funny, because if you add a second horn, you immediately get, like, a gazelle.
And, like, a shitty one, too, because it's, like, not curved yet, and you're like, oh, look at that shitty gazelle.
Oh, that's not a shitty gazelle, that's a double unicorn.
Alright, well, excuse me for not.
Speaking of unicorns, I'd like to talk about disabled people.
I was at Communicon today, and there's always, like, my heart always, it kind of fractures a little bit, because there's invariably, if I do, like, a WGA panel or something like that, this doesn't happen enough, but it happens frequently enough that I've marked the memory.
It's like, someone in a wheelchair will come up, and they will want to talk about the really conspicuous lack of differently-abled people on television.
I have an inherent, because I'm a big drunk slob, like, my job is to, like, be a curmudgeon, and I'm not a big fan of the idea of TV characters as ambassadors, you know, but, you know, I think that that's an unavoidable thing,
and I do think it's notable. I think it's a fucked up thing that when somebody in a wheelchair, you know, rolls into a room, we all have a reaction where we kind of start to treat them like a living ghost,
because we don't, for the best reason, which is we don't want people to feel pain.
And then there's always somebody, there's this wonderful young lady who came up to me as an aspiring writer who was at Communicon, I don't think she made it here to the show, but she was at Communicon, I think her name was Lara.
And she's, you know, I had a long talk with her about this, and I've had this talk before, which is that, you know, I guess the reason I'm bringing this up is because this is a podcast.
If you're in a wheelchair and you're out there, unless you're just in one because you think it's comfortable, I'm not talking to you if that's the case.
You're weird, yeah, that's weird. If you're differently abled and you are watching television and you're watching all these jagg-offs, walk around, not in wheelchairs,
and you're waiting for that character to come on screen in a wheelchair, and then they do, and it's like the kid from Glee.
And it leaves you a little empty inside like a Snickers bar. It's packed with peanuts, but it did not satisfy, because ultimately, what is a person that has never come from that point of view going to do?
What is the best job a writer could ever do? The best job they could ever do from the most humanitarian instinct in the world is they're going to write a shitty character.
They're going to write the definition of a shitty character. They're going to write a character sitting in a chair with wheels on it that happens to be totally infallible and innocent.
And ultimately, it leaves you continually with sort of a bad taste in your mouth. It's nice to have screen time, but ultimately, kind of part of the problem.
And she actually said that they have a phrase for it among the community. They call it inspiration porn, when there's a character in a wheelchair and they can do anything.
I remember a different Strokes episode where Arnold made friends with a kid in a wheelchair, and there was the big moment in the different Strokes episode where Arnold said,
hey, we're having a good time. Come upstairs. I want to show you my goldfish. And he started running halfway up the stairs, and then he turned around.
And he said, oh, oh, God, I forgot. And the kid in his wheelchair at the bottom of the stairs said, Arnold, that's the best thing any of the ones ever said to me.
And that's sort of where we peed. I mean, we haven't really progressed beyond that from the Reagan era in terms of television's treatment of being differently abled.
What kind of sad life did that wheelchair kid have? That's the best thing anyone ever said.
That's the best thing that could happen to me is you totally fucking forgot what my actual...
Yeah, but I don't want to throw that under the bus because at least somebody was doing something even at that point.
I'm bringing this up not because I don't want to talk to my fellow fat white straight male writers that are out there.
We'll keep doing what we're doing. But I really... God damn it, if you have the slightest thing wrong with you, start writing. God damn it.
Because all of TV is written by people who are just... The career is one of privilege. It takes a support system to pursue a career in writing.
And so if you do find yourself wondering why television stinks for you personally, if you can muster it at all, if you can weather that storm,
get that script out there, mother. Because once somebody goes to prison and then writes about it, we get to have an orange as the new black
and we don't have to sit and occupy our minds with questions about whether or not it's authentic and blah, blah, blah.
And progress starts to happen in terms of television. What we really want is just transparency and honesty and stuff.
I was taken with that most of all. All the Communicon people, my heart goes up and down and go all over the walls.
You'll never have such an intense minute with one person as you do and somebody is watching your broadcast network television show.
They have one minute to explain to you, my brother committed suicide. This got me through this.
These things that aren't meant to be fit into the can of one minute, they have to be. Otherwise, they...
How do you deal with that? How do you deal with that? Because that isn't...
Easy for me. I'm just sitting there going, well, that's great. Sounds like a good job getting over it. Glad I could help. Looks like I nailed it.
Oh, do you want a picture?
They're the ones trying to explain to someone. You created something that really meant something to me.
And their bodies tremble and their eyes water and their spines shake because everything's so symbolic.
I haven't earned that. It has nothing to do with me. It's the show. It's a show that 200 people make over five years.
It's something to me and they have that one moment and they vibrate. Their transmission is overwhelmed.
They're the ones that have the challenge. I'm just like, Robert Zemeckis going, oh, yeah, the Lurians are great.
I frankly enjoy it because it would make me feel like a worse person if a line of people came up and said,
your job makes me doing nothing worth everything.
It's a way for me to trick myself into thinking of being a rich writer, writing an opiate for the masses is actually not what it is.
Because someone's going, no, man, my mom left my dad and I was all fucked up and your show helped me.
I'm like, see, I told you I was a good person.
I did that with Lou Barlow once. I freaked out and did the transmission breaking down when I got around Lou Barlow in L.A. when I met him
and it was the most humiliating, mortifying moment in my life because I went to him trying to express this idea that,
oh, fuck your music got me through so much and helped me feel like I wasn't insane.
And it came out like, you're so great, man. And he looked at me like, okay, it was awful because I failed that bad
and even talking that I embarrassed both of us and it was an awkward moment.
And his friends looked, everyone was like, oh, fuck.
But I guess it rains on him like that, like hipsters come up stammering to him nonstop.
And I don't think, assuming Lou Barlow is exactly like me, I would wager that the response under which you're projecting,
oh, I fucked up and you're a jerk, what you're perceiving is them going like,
I can't do anything with simply the root message that what's happening right now is difficult for you.
All I can do is continue to stand by it.
Because what would you say if somebody said, this is really difficult for me, I don't know what to do.
My Wisconsin fiber will not allow me to say, it's okay, just let it out.
There's nothing I can say that won't make me a douche, except so I'll just silence is what you need to do.
You just go like, all right, okay.
But then I think if you are that nervous as we all have been, if I got in an elevator with Bob Odenkirk or Bill Murray or something,
like I have been in this situation, I have made an ass of myself and because I wanted to say so many things,
I'd have one minute to say them.
I think that then in those moments, hey, calm down.
All right, I'm trying to talk about something.
Okay, maybe we'll put a pin in what I was discussing.
Because a friend of mine thought it might be a good idea to drop by and I said, hey, if you can, poke your head.
They have somebody give me the high sign and he just stepped into the spotlight.
Oh, awesome. I didn't know what I was like, oh, if you've been in an elevator with Bob Odenkirk or something,
just you're like freaking out.
Oh, I get it now.
Cool.
Let's all get into an elevator right now with Joel McKell.
Yeah, double mic, yeah.
Say it.
Joel just worked the room.
It's an audio podcast, so I'm doing play by play.
You do it, you get on there.
Danny Pooty, ladies and gentlemen, Danny Pooty.
That's the skinniest hipster here.
Hi.
Hey, how are you?
Sponsored by Kettle, huh? What a surprise.
I know that you're the sponsor of like a rival vodka company.
I am.
So please rip the labels off of these, my friend.
Yes, Purity Vodka, way better than Kettle Ones.
It's from Sweden. Good thing it's not from Germany because it's called Purity.
Dan, I have seen you twice in two weeks.
I know, it's crazy.
It's really weird.
It's like we're getting back to work or something.
Hello, Jeff.
Hello, I'm not Jeff.
That'd be amazing if Jeff changed into this somehow.
It would be a weird turn for him.
Have you ever met Duncan Tressel?
Have I ever met Duncan Tressel?
No, I saw you at a party, but we never, I don't know.
At Dance House?
Yeah, at Dance House.
Oh yeah, we had a great conversation.
It was, we didn't.
No, I don't remember him at all.
We didn't talk.
You seemed terrific.
You seemed lovely.
How was Communicon today, everyone?
Yeah, how'd it go?
It was good.
I talked to a person in a wheelchair.
Oh, sorry.
I did great.
No, no, it's good.
Sorry.
How much longer did they have?
Until they finished their Modern Family spec, only three weeks.
She's out there.
Lara, now the pressure's on.
Are we going to have a person in a wheelchair for a community?
That's what I was talking about right before you came.
I would like to be the sitcom that does that in a way that doesn't make everyone feel like
a goddamn asshole.
I hate the fact that, yeah, I don't know.
We brainstormed in the room once, we were talking about the Down syndrome thing.
There are sitcoms.
We've seen characters with Down syndrome come on screen.
It's also like, oh, these are some of the most joyful, entertaining people in the world,
but there's this social stigma where you feel like if you're laughing because of a person
with Down syndrome that you're laughing at them or that you're automatically a bully.
One of the most ironic things in the world happens because I don't think it's politically
correct to say that Down syndrome people are generally incredibly joyful people that cause
a lot of mirth in people.
It is one of the very positive side effects of it.
The people that work with them are the ones that say so, so I am not too worried about
saying that.
When you see them on TV, again, it's like, okay, clear the runway, let's all be cool,
the president's in town, let's cool it.
The question becomes like, how would 30 Rock have a Down syndrome character and not be
pandering and stuff like that?
We had talked in the writer's room, a community about what would it be?
What if you made them a huge asshole?
What we were going to do was create a character named Michael who was just the guy that he
comes in and every time the dean wants to tell everybody something shitty, he sends
Michael.
So Michael comes in and it's just like if the teacher's salaries are getting lowered,
the lunch menu is gone.
Please tell me you'll do that.
How often do you say things here that actually wind up there?
Plenty.
That would be great.
That was a good market test.
They responded well to that.
I feel like that way it's like everyone's in on the joke.
Nobody's even being made fun of.
It's like the joke becomes how society perceives and what all society is kind of strange,
catechesis and things.
Also how do you do that with people who are physically differently able?
Have you seen the New American Horror Story?
No.
It's amazing.
Jessica Lange is so strange.
Is that what you're talking about?
No, but it is super cool.
They use people who have actual disabilities and it's amazing.
It doesn't seem exploitive at all.
Yeah, Chevy's on the show.
You're right. Too soon.
I mean, within three years it'll be too late.
Now is the time to make these jokes, people.
Chevy would appreciate these jokes, believe me.
He would love these jokes.
He would be the first to be laughing at them.
And by laughing, I mean, you know, calling us fat queers.
It is his way of responding positively to us.
The term of affection.
That was his Christmas card.
I love you, you fat queer.
Chevy.
So what have you been up to between, during community's death?
How did you spend your Easter?
Well, I saw my grandma.
She's 95.
I did a lot. She's great. She's racist.
But she has to be.
If she wasn't, then...
No, my grandma will...
This is my 95-year-old grandma.
She will go, why do you have to say fuck so much?
And I was like, I just fucking have to, grandma?
I don't know. I think I'm sure you've told the story a million times,
but we didn't know it was going to be picked up until the last hour.
It was like at 4.30 in the afternoon on the last half hour of the contracts
where they went, Yahoo has bought the show with peltz, not with cash.
They use beaver peltz.
Yeah, it was weird that...
And Sony's like, great, we're doing it.
So I bought a house, so I've been doing a lot of stand-up to pay for that.
Seeing my children, I have a 9- and 6-year-old.
Yeah, weird.
That doesn't deserve clapping.
You can actually be a terrible parent for 9 years,
and you'll still have a 9-year-old child.
Thanks, yeah, you're right.
It's been done all over the world.
I have a baby, I just shook it for hours.
I shook it for 9 years.
I was shaking 9-year-old child.
Same results.
But we went to dinner two nights ago, three nights ago.
Yeah, we had terrible octopus.
Terrible octopus, but everything else was terrific.
Yeah, man.
Oh, did you guys hear about the family that ate puffer fish?
Did you hear about this?
It's terrible.
This family had puffer fish,
and you have to train as a chef for two years to serve this stuff.
But it's a very sad story, like their uncle caught it,
and they're disgusting-looking fish,
but the family, someone's like, it looked delicious.
It seemed like it'd be amazing, but they ate it,
and within five minutes, all of them were paralyzed
and having seizures, and they're all in the hospital now.
So octopus, I don't know, made me think of deadly puffer fish.
I went through a day where I was like,
wait a minute, puffer fish, blowfish, what's going on?
What is the thing that I looked into?
It's like puffer fish and blowfish, it's kind of like,
it's all part of the same thing.
I think it's the same.
Yeah, I just remember that Simpsons episode.
Basically, there's like a whole kind of family of fish,
all of whom puff up as a defense mechanism,
and all of whom are deadly poisonous.
And apparently incredibly delicious,
that people keep trying to eat them.
I read a thing where the puffer fish poisoned it.
If you cut the fish correctly,
it just tingles the edge of your lips and your mouth,
and if it's cut right, you swallow it and you're fine.
Oh, who fucking cares?
It doesn't matter.
There's nothing, there's nothing that's,
there's no way there's nothing that's worth that.
There's no way.
Nothing tastes that good.
Like the, there's that thing where you eat the,
you eat the partially fertilized bird egg,
the rich people, and then the baby bird bones,
the baby bird bones cut your mouth,
and your own blood is the, is the,
is part of the delicacy.
That is so stupid.
Or like the cat poop coffee,
where the cat or the, some sort of animal eats the coffee beans,
it poops it out, and then that is your coffee.
I've had that.
You've had, you're, see, but you're like,
you're an idiot, right?
For, you, you ate something that's something shit.
Well, and you were like,
You'd be surprised, you'd be surprised.
It's not much of an idiot I am.
No, it, if someone offers you this rare coffee,
even if it's been shit out,
it's, I think it's weasels that eat it actually,
but if someone offers you coffee beans
that have been shit out of rare weasels,
you drink it, Joe, you drink it.
No, that common weasel coffee is this, right?
Rare weasels.
By the way, it just tastes like coffee.
It actually tastes like chicken coffee.
That's it.
I feel like if anyone said this is very rare,
and, and I'm like waiting for the next thing,
and there's like, it was shit out of a weasel,
I would go like, I'm good, I don't need,
you gotta live a little, man.
And I, if Dan will attest,
I'll eat, I'll eat almost anything,
but, but not that, but that's great.
But you have your hipster beer and your friends
and all that, and I can't compete with that.
No, no, infighting in Harmontown.
We're all, we're all, we're all, we're all, what?
You just became the greatest politician of all time.
Because we were infighting, we're like,
what's he gonna say? We're all distracted.
I forgot what we were fighting about.
Drone strike.
Well, you weren't looking.
Drone strikes for everybody.
Have you been watching,
I have been watching The Nick since I,
since the show was picked up.
You've watched The Nick? The Nick?
The Nick on Cinemax, Steven Soderbergh?
No, no, I don't know what that is.
Oh, is that about a guy who,
every morning he cuts himself shaving
and the blood like shows him a crime
that's going to happen?
Amazing.
No.
It's not what it is.
It's about a guy that cuts himself every morning
and his droplet of blood
becomes the newspaper from tomorrow.
Get it straight.
What is The Nick?
Steven Soderbergh directed ten episodes of this,
I guess, miniseries about Clive Owen Starr's
about surgery in 1895.
Very similar to
Community's New Season on Yahoo! Screen.
Yeah, most of Season 6 takes place
at a 19th century
surgery theater place
that people are old men are watching.
Yeah, and it specializes in circus freaks
who don't want to be altered
but who have to be by the government.
I wouldn't watch this show.
It's real time,
because now it's streaming, there's no time slot,
so you can just watch a person
who was born with a unicorn horn
have it removed while they scream,
please don't.
This is the only thing that makes me special.
It's just hacksawed off
by a leather apron freemason.
I would watch that show, I would watch.
It's 59 minutes on average, an episode.
It's available for $1.99 at Yahoo! Screen.
Yahoo! Screen, everyone.
Or try State Leader in screen doors and windows.
Dan, does Kettle ever trick you
and send you flavored vodka?
No, sometimes bartenders do that,
as if I wouldn't notice.
That's the cotton candy vodka everyone's talking about.
Yeah.
Straight to vomit, sir.
But I don't understand about...
Here's one of the 853,000 things
I don't understand about Dan Ackright.
I wish...
He decided to create his own vodka.
He bottles it in a really expensive skull bottle.
It's not that great vodka.
No, it's no purity vodka.
It just seems like it's all bad business.
It seems weird, because growing up,
when you watch Dan Ackright do the Basomatic,
or, I don't know,
Ghostbusters, you're like,
that is a guy that needs to sell me a spirit
in the shape of a skull.
But at no point did you ever think of a skull
when you thought of Dan Ackright?
But he's an alien.
That's like...
He believes that they're aliens
and that the crystal skull is some kind of ancient artifact
that aliens have left around.
He's heavily into that stuff, very much believes in it.
There's a documentary where a neighbor of his
had a camcorder and just shot Dan Ackright
talking about aliens for two hours.
You can watch that.
That doesn't sound boring at all.
I mean, Dan Ackright is...
I think he's officially diagnosed.
I think he's out of the closet,
Asperger's.
Did you know that Asperger's has been struck?
Yeah, it's not a disease anymore.
It's now just a superpower.
The Avengers.
It's not in the diagnostic manual anymore.
They're like, okay, never mind.
It's just different grades of autism.
Right, right, right.
So he's been fully diagnosed.
What we used to call Asperger's,
you can now all go back to calling Dork.
We had a shining moment.
I said, we, like, I'm diagnosing myself.
Dan Ackright, yeah, apparently.
Also Spielberg.
I don't know. I looked it up.
Supposedly Spielberg, also,
an adult diagnosed Asperger's.
I noticed that in Blues Brothers.
Ackright, like this...
The original script for Ghostbusters is like
500,000 pages long.
And it's like...
It's like...
I mean, look it up.
Look online about it.
Like, Ackright's vision of Ghostbusters
minus Ivan Reitman kind of coming in.
I don't know whose to credit.
All good movies are sort of a collaborative,
like, fluke, I think.
There's no...
There's rarely, like, an auteur behind any of it.
It's all sort of like,
because that's why good movies are so rare.
But, like, Ackright's original vision
is like in the form of this gigantic
compendium.
Like, if you watch the Blues Brothers,
like, if you watch the Blues Brothers
behind the scenes stuff, there's...
Like, he had this whole
scene that he had in mind for
Blues Brothers that would explain
why the Blues Mobile was able
to go faster than cop cars.
And it involved, like, the car being parked
between electric pylons overnight.
And it showed, like, electricity zapping
the car.
Like, it's very much...
Like, man, I like Ackright way more
than I thought I did.
And also, like,
he's a way worse writer than I thought he was.
But, like,
yeah, it's like, like, he's sort of...
He's out there.
He loves the aliens and the ghosts and the sci-fi
and, like, really...
I would love to see a 500,000-page
Ghostbusters movie.
It would be like Watership Down,
just this...
I mean, he would be...
That would be a dream guest to have on this show
come and just pop the cork,
let him loose, let him talk about the aliens
and the crystal skulls and stuff.
I didn't think Cattle 1 would feel about it
if he brought up his vodka.
I don't think they're, like, worried about bad PR.
I think maybe if I hit a baby with my car...
With your car?
Or your what? Did you say your cock?
What?
I think if I hit a baby with my cock,
Channel 1
will pull out
if they're marketing agreement.
I agree with that.
I think they'll...
Yeah.
What else is going on?
Dick Cheney's up to his old tricks again.
He is?
How about those Seahawks today?
Seahawks.
Wow.
Football is a sport.
Don't talk down to them.
I literally cannot help
but talk down to them
since I am at a higher elevation than them.
Don't brag about your height.
I'm at a height.
I'm at a stage.
We don't like sports here.
Were you in Houston last night?
I was in Houston, yeah.
How'd it go?
It was alright.
I accidentally called them Austin.
Oh, hell no.
That got us off on the wrong foot.
I love...
I was in Canada,
which is a state just north of here.
No, I was in Canada
and I went to Montreal
and I thought it was a TV special
and I opened it up by saying,
Hello Toronto.
And they were like,
But I just thought,
you're in the same country, assholes.
You hate your own country.
You hate your own city.
Everything about Texas,
I was like, I love Texas.
Texas could be a country if it wanted to be,
but we're going to hate this other city.
Yeah, but Civic Pride is its own brand of pride.
If you go to Milwaukee
and call it Madison,
it's like, what you're saying is,
I'm a rich asshole who got dropped in by a helicopter.
I don't know where the fuck I am.
That's what they're doing.
I see.
It was totally true.
I was living three hours from Austin to Houston
and was so proud of myself.
I was like, listen,
it's great to be at the Alamo Draft House.
They have Alamo Draft Houses everywhere in fucking Texas.
So it's like,
I was like, look,
all I see is awesome nerds and hipsters
that love cinema
and Quentin Tarantino posters.
I kind of did think I was in Austin.
I forgot I was just there
three hours earlier.
I was like, yeah, man, it's great.
It's a theater. It's great to be here in Austin
and all this stuff.
It was so sad. They didn't like boo me.
They're not like, kill them.
No, you could just see them be like,
and then they came up to me at the intermission.
They were like, look, we're from Houston.
It's worse things could happen
than to be mistaken for Austin.
They're very nice people.
They're the Milwaukee of Texas.
Did you see the
Reddit article about the Illuminati Room
in this Houston hotel?
No, I have a life.
He's great.
I don't know why Joel McKell hates me,
but it's kind of about that.
It's incredible.
You have no other job
other than to receive my horrible insults.
I feel honored and honored.
The people behind that mirror are way worse than you.
Look at them. I think you might be in the Illuminati, friend.
I am, my friend.
You better cut your hair, hippie.
I was about to say,
if you want to be a part of us someday.
You can get a reptilian haircut.
If I was a reptilian, that's exactly how I cut my hair.
It only comes out when the sun shines.
Wow.
Wait, what was the Reddit thing?
Somebody went to this hotel in Houston
and they gave them this room
that had an obvious two-way mirror
built into the wall.
It was a mirror in the wall
and all these really creepy
pictures that wouldn't be in a hotel room.
All these spooky pictures.
The floor was concrete.
There was a lot of stains on it.
The guy started taking pictures
and immediately posting them on Reddit.
Thank God.
And then the hotel called and said,
we gave you the wrong room
and moved them to a different room.
Yeah, look it up.
It's amazing.
And then after it went up on Reddit
and went viral, the hotel was like,
that's just a theme room that we have.
It's a theme room.
It's the Austin theme room.
Convicted of a lot of
white-collar crime,
some kind of oil man
who'd gotten in a lot of trouble.
It shouldn't have been a hotel room.
It was like...
What a weird fetish to get off on.
Oh, that dude,
that white-collar criminal.
Oh, man.
But the number of the room,
I can't remember the number of the room,
but it was somehow connected to the skull and bones.
People were saying,
there was an Illuminati kill room
where people who want to strangle a hooker
or stab someone to death
pay a lot for the room.
And so, there was Houston.
That can't be.
That cannot be.
You told me at one point,
you told me about
there was the first cybernetic hate crime
happened in Paris where a guy
was a cyborg and they
tried to rip his neck out.
But it was just a guy who had chosen to bolt
his ear.
And it was like three years earlier.
That guy had that drilled into his face.
I tried to get it.
I was actually trying to write this article for Vice
and I wanted to interview that guy
about what happened.
But it was actually drilled into the bone of his face.
He didn't have it on his ear.
It was in his head. Maybe it was on his ear.
Was the name of the article,
hey, I met an idiot?
I don't know what that means.
You don't know what that means?
He drilled into his head.
Oh, the cyborg.
I was still reeling from when
you called me an idiot earlier.
Is this like another
Mikhail Jaffe?
I have a responsibility here
to explain.
You guys have a kind of antithetical
style.
Joel's
as a biological...
I'm a
velociraptor.
Joel...
Joel is a great, very hardworking,
very charming, very sexually appealing
man with a giant chest
and arms the size
of my head.
But he only,
comedically, all he knows is
making fun of your clothes or your...
He just kind of like...
His instinct is,
you're like, hey, what's up with your teeth?
Fuck you, fuck face.
I can't help it.
Imagine how they feel.
He hosts
the suit.
Look, I've got elves living in my home.
Kids wake up.
Joel Mikhail was auditioning for
the role of Jeff Winger.
We were going through the folly,
the formality of testing him against
other actors.
Joel comes into the room
and there's like 30 people in the room,
but they're all executives from Sony
and NBC. And Joel just went around
the room and
ridiculed every...
I love that.
I just pointed at every...
You had a
fair-monal ability to zero in on the
highest-ranking people.
And I was like, hey, good to see
Frank Stallone's here. That was the head of Sony.
Hey, would it kill you to wear a tie?
That was the head of NBC.
They just worked the room.
It was great. It was funny.
That's Joel's style.
Because I'm crying inside.
You can't let it get to you, Duncan Tressel.
I love it. It's amazing.
I'm honestly flattered by it.
I think it's fucking cool.
I like it. You're a sweetie, Joel Mikhail.
I can feel the love inside of you
radiating out.
Not love, but...
It's the only way I know how to behave.
I want to be like that.
I'm terrified.
I could never pull that off.
I always wish I was more mean.
I would like to be...
We can start right now. I can teach you.
This seems worthwhile.
Let's teach Duncan Tressel
how to be mean.
Let's do it.
Pick someone from the audience.
I can't do that, man.
I'm not doing that.
That's what you have to start with.
You start with an innocence.
The Illuminati.
That's the only way it will work.
Is there anyone in the audience who feels like...
Him, father, him.
Come on up here, genius.
Don't sit so close to me.
You're learning, Jedi.
Great.
Take one, yeah.
Go ahead.
Ask him a question.
Are you enjoying the show so far?
Now wait.
Whatever his answer is,
it's wrong.
You're doing great so far.
It's good.
I'm enjoying myself.
The show fucking sucks.
Are you an idiot?
Good.
How could you make me feel good?
How could you feel good?
You're wearing all black.
What are you, a fucking asshole?
Nice.
I'm sorry.
This guy's amazing.
Don't apologize.
Don't apologize, you idiot.
Luke Skywalker didn't shoot a laser
into the Death Star and then pull it back.
Oh, no.
Use the force, you fucking prick.
Ask him his name.
What's your name?
Ethan.
Ethan!
Okay.
Think of another person named Ethan
that you don't like.
Ethan Allen.
Shit, he ferned.
What do they sell?
Furniture?
Ask him why his facial hair doesn't match
his head hair at all.
I know you're just feeding him.
Yeah.
All right, that's all I got.
You have to come up with a question for him.
So, um...
How long have you been the biggest asshole
of the show?
I didn't...
I'm so sorry.
I would never say anything like that.
That is horrible.
Is he teaching you or are you teaching him?
It doesn't matter.
The master...
All right, thank you.
Vincent van Gogh, ladies and gentlemen.
Thank you.
He did look a little bit like Vincent van Gogh.
See?
There's glimmers of genius in it.
He looked like Vincent van Gogh.
Uh...
I can't wait to see how this newfound power
and exchange will affect our meeting
with Spencer Crittenden.
Let's make it up!
Hey! Hey!
What's up?
Everybody!
All right. All right.
That's a bit much.
I think they're doing it because you're still clapping.
He's still clapping.
Good to see you. Hey, guys.
Good to see you, Spencer.
Man, last night I was starving
It was like three in the morning and I was trapped in a hotel and
Was there a Texas billionaires picture for boiled down there was certainly a buyers club involved
No, I was really at rock bottom. I was starving. I couldn't I was too hungry to get to sleep
So I was uh, I was reduced to eating the apple I used as a pipe in the hotel
That's the original Thanksgiving, isn't it?
It was it was delicious though. No, it wasn't it was a green apple. Those are the worst
Was it was a man Apple enthusiasts
You just got booed for saying green apples. Okay. What's the worst the red red delicious or those Washington red are worse than green apples
But other than that you I'm from Washington. It's a
Well, I don't think Washington ruined their apples. I think other people intervened. I agree. I retract
But I'm curious what was gross about the was it that it was a green apple or was it that was it its use of a
As a pipe that made it. No, that made it great. Oh, okay
That's what I was curious about. No, I couldn't I couldn't tell you you would never tell someone smoked out of it other than the
The the blackened charred holes in the science
But no, it was it was a green apples are gross and they have thick skin. I hate apples. I think
Oranges are better if I were to have to compare the two
Yeah, but an orange pie an orange pipe doesn't seem like it would well you'd be surprised
But when we were in San Francisco, I I did not have access to an apple. So I hit up a 7-eleven and got other fruits
Namely a banana and a lime and a lime worked a lot better
Why don't you buy some rolling papers? I my hands get too sweaty and it literally disintegrates the the paper as I roll it
And then I just have a pants full of weed
God damn it. No, I forgot what I was gonna ask. Oh, sorry. No, it's not your fault. I feel like it was
Uh, no, hey, that's cuz your brain dead you shithead. There we go
Oh, that's how you do it. Thank you.
Dunk and triple everyone
I hope we can hit the reset button on Duncan after this show is done
Because I love let's bring up Vincent Gallo again. Let's see what he has
Sorry, I want to plug something real quick
I think the next episode that airs of Brooklyn Nine-Nine unless they added me out. I'm in
They probably did edit me out because I can't act so, you know
Pretty good job in community. Hey, I don't need any of that. No, I really
It just makes me feel like you did a shitty job in community. Thank you. Thank you. You did great
I appreciate it. You're wait. You're a professional actor. So you'd know I would know if you sucked. Yeah, holy shit
I guess I can do it
It's I mean you just got when a bunch of when a bunch of rabble like these is into you
It's just like oh, it's just a bunch of people that are wrong about stuff
Yeah, but I really want to know about that Illuminati hotel room like
I
Google search. I mean, yeah, somebody you guys are always yelling at yelling stuff out somebody
Get on your get on your Google Tori spelling
No, all right. What do you got? Really? What do you got information?
Yeah, are the are the photos posted as well. Yeah, why don't you bring it bring it?
Are you willing to bring it up here? We won't we won't mock you. Well, I guess
What's your what's your name?
Ben, all right, I have a microphone Ben. I'm gonna give you the one that smells like
Cereal this is like cereal Ben's got a chain glorious bastards t-shirt on yeah
So if we alienate him we've lost one-fifth of our audience for the six season
All right, so it's a discoveries. Oh making that is really weird
It's way weird, and I thought it would be yeah, these are actual photos from the hotel room. Yeah
It's a podcast all enough. It's gonna translate very well. I think they can get the whole thing
You gotta be it's gonna be like a whole right that would be all I know you've been while you're looking at the photos
I can describe those so Ben. Yeah judging from your haircuts
There's no way I'll let actually I'll let Duncan take a swing
You're a dad you you you look like a gerbil now. Sorry. I can't do it. I love I'm sorry
I mean you and Duncan. How is the shooting of black sails going? I don't know what but god
I don't know what that is. I can show. Oh
Pirate show yeah, never it doesn't matter now
You're a sweetheart. I can't do the mean I work at a library
That's good reading is good
You can be nice. Thank you helps people get books. That's good. This is all a setup. Come on
Then how old are you 29?
All right, I wasn't paying to tell you look at other pictures very about that look it's pretty creepy. They're out there man
Do you make this idea Spencer? Do you think which idea well this idea that the guy got checked into a hotel or that turned out to
Accidentally be an Illuminati hotel and he posted about it on reddit, right? Then he's wrong. He's a fucking idiot
Why because he's on reddit
Oh, hell no, right? That's fine
Gannica
Well the skull and bar I mean the skull and bones is a real thing
That's a real secret fraternity that a lot of powerful people have been in and I heard that you know
There was a movie about it
I didn't see that but I heard you have to lay in a glass coffin and people jerk off on top of the coffin
Oh, well that sounds true. That's the least severe hazing. I've ever heard
Because they put naked people in freezing water and shit. You just get not jizzed on I
Mean even getting jizzed on doesn't seem as bad as most stuff
I would not want to be laying in a glass coffin looking up at a young George W. Bush spraying jizz onto the top of my
Wait a minute. Well, that's where you and I differ. You're you're gonna I
Thought but what if I told you that that in our society ultra rich people get the privilege of getting to sit in a
Protected chamber while everyone around them is forced to humiliate themselves by jerking off
To around them and they get to look at their dicks and see them while they're coming without ever being touched by their come
Yeah, it's it's truly living the dream
Wait, I have a question. Yeah, I the fuck is Ben still up here
The reddit post and yeah, what do you think Ben do you believe that you believe the hotel room and the
From the beat, you know brief moment. I looked at this. Yeah, sure
Okay, there you go. All right, let's have a hand for Ben. All right, what have we learned tonight?
I want I want handicapped people to write more scripts. Hey
Joel's mean
The Illuminati is real and there I've taught Duncan how to be mean Duncan is now mean
And works at a library we work we figured that out and Ben has a phone
That guy looks like Vincent van Gogh
Spencer, he's a he's a skilled artist. Don't complain man. He's a great artist
Yeah, I wish I was Vincent van Gogh. Yeah, I
Don't know your art. I mean it might be great. I'm not gonna deny it could be sorry audience
I'm wondering what to do with all these episodes because we went to San Francisco
Austin and Houston. What if we aired so far Dustin because we got a
Okay, we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna air stuff every two days
So like you guys got to hear the LeVar Burton episode in Austin? That guy I
Don't know how much his projection. I mean cuz he's
Yeah, he's perhaps the most positive person in the history of the world
He makes you he makes your knees shake a little bit
You can project a lot of stuff out of that guy if you want to and he killed Troy in the lost episodes of the community, right?
You're not ate him on a boat. You're not
They're not supposed to know that oh
The season six entirely flashback episode and then the Dean sends it down syndrome person to tell us the bad news
Then what are you gonna do in between now and the time we start shooting?
I'm writing. What are you talking about? I don't know
Oh, don't you know how TV gets made you piece of shit? Let's let's meet somebody that came in from far away
I know it's a it's there. I'm gonna say
Wait, hold on hold on I have somebody in mind. Hold on
I appreciate you guys coming in for Boston. I do I want I want I wanted to see and I don't if she's too shy
She doesn't have to come up here, but so I want to afford her the option Vincent Gallo. Come on up again
But hey
Danielle say nothing if you don't want to come up. Okay
Danielle do you want to come up? Hi Danielle Danielle came all the way from Liverpool
England
Wow
For Communicon
She didn't even come here for a Harmon judge. He wasn't even gonna come here tonight
She came for Communicon from Liverpool. That's a community fan
Danielle
With people in your peer group walking around
How many what percentage wise how many would know community?
Okay
I have a question Danielle trying to change that I've got quite a few people into it
Really? Yeah. All right, then Duncan my question for you is what what is the term Liverpool come from?
I don't know. It's the it's the pool of life. That's what our city's our city's name means. Ah, that's nice
I said, yeah, it's not a pool of livers
I would agree that but the liver has done great things for all of us on stage
It is the giver of life to all of us. Yeah, I feel like I need to bathe in a liver pool
If I'm gonna keep going oh
Come on in
Is that is that offensive Danielle? Okay, I just love
What so yeah, what are you there are there Beatles statues in Liverpool?
Yes, yeah, are there like like like like like a bus bus benches where you
Not enough people can sit on them because there's a fucking Paul McCartney like bronze public
Sometimes you go to in American cities, you'll be in like Spokane, Washington
And you're like, how come I can't how come I got a walker? What the fuck is it? It's a statue of Mel Blanc. What the fuck?
How come it's harder to get my coffee today?
It's a statue of like some some guys. I'm you know Jim Davis was born here. Okay
All right, fuck Garfield
Fuck my life. What is it? What did this happen? Who's the second most famous band in the Liverpool?
I don't know where the art is wrong. I don't know where they're from. They're there. Whoa. Yeah, and Elvis Costello's from Liverpool
Wow, that's pretty good
Well, Elvis Costello and I want to sing but a place called the other pool
I wanna play guitar and be a Costello cuz my name is Elvis Costello
He just ran Costello with Costello
I
Got a question for everybody sitting up here
So like if you were walking into a public restroom, right and on the bathroom counter
Is a tray of cupcakes?
Would you eat the cupcakes
Let's start with Danielle. Yes, you would eat cupcakes off a bathroom counter. I thought so
I would too for the record, you know
Duncan
Are they gluten-free?
Yeah, yeah, they are then I'll eat them. Okay, I
Mean Joel hasn't eaten a cupcake since 1982
A and B like I would be in a public fucking bath. Joel hasn't been in a public bathroom
The last time you peed is it Rupert Murdoch?
Teleported you to the moon
Say you're on Mars and a Pegasus walks up and begins and offers you a cigar. Would you take it?
You you're you're able to you're you're the same age as me you you work as hard as me
You're very much more handsome than me, but you're an actor
I'm a writer, but you you hobnob with the
The fact that I got my job back is because you're a more politically facile man than I am
You are friends with the people that I hate
Like I mean and you you're you're I'm so curious about that like you you go on their yachts you go golfing with them like
That makes me feel like a dude on their yachts
That's how big their yachts are
You're like a networker. You know how to you know how to do it. You're a charmer. You're a diplomat. You're Jeff winger
How do you think I got Daniel up here tonight? I?
Mean, how do you how do you keep the bile down? Oh your stomach when you're talking to?
a captain of industry because the bile tastes like champagne my friend
Excuse me rose champagne
Damn, there was no other option
To the to not have you back would have been much like a samurai or like a Japanese general in World War 2
It was either victory or suicide
You can look up your history because that's what they would do if they didn't win the battle
They would kill themselves. Did you did you have to do shameful things to get me back?
Not in my mind, but a lot of real
You laid in the glass coffin
Without the lid
Open casket
And I was the one who removed the lid
I
See you come
If you were the recording mixer be like Elvis Costello has a horrible infection
And he meets his son is this need to be cleared out
What's going on
I just proved it right. Did you say drapes and windows? Yeah, ever heard of them?
No, it's called Feng Shui, baby. No, no my assistant installed them. So I don't know what they are
Sorry Daniel, are you offended by this? Okay. I'll see your Elvis Costello impression
Okay
Daniel what's your
You came here from Liverpool you weathered the storm you you weren't even gonna come here tonight. I
Like I want to make it worth your while like is there a problem we can help you with like do you have anything?
Go on a husband Duncan will propose to you tonight
Will you marry me?
Don't
Are you kidding me? She made the right choice. That's what she wants is to reject someone tonight. Maybe that's
Part of
There's no pain in your life that we could help alleviate you're having a good life
Yeah, well you could afford to take this trip. It's not you didn't you didn't like break the bank doing it, right?
It wasn't it was quite expensive, but it was like how much was the plane ticket
That's like three quid Joe Mikhail is gonna reimburse you tonight, and that's why
Oh, he's the guy he's never come back
He really he really left
No, he's actually going into a giant gold a chest of gold he carries around with him and he's getting oh my god
He's doing it wait how much how much cash do you carry with you?
All right, well we can't yeah, let's let's fill we got a stretch Duncan we gotta fill this time
When I was on the airplane this morning, all right shut up Spencer Joel's back
Oh
And he brought British money
Joe Mikhail just just just pressed a wad of good old
green ass
Kentucky back to Uncle Sam Skrilla I had to go in there to pull out of my butt
Into the Imperial Palm of this Royal
Layabout yeah, because that's what the British need more money
That's America give it that's you you go back and you tell Elizabeth. We said what's up. Yeah, you
Listen you listen you listen
Could you believe the colonnade and all the 50 states and all the pay the banners and the stripes and all the Marines and
Dronestrikes and Veronica
You said marines and garlic
Marines and garlic and ground
Strike you've been for in an anti-vaccine. I had the drone
She's counting it she's counting it now
I
Through it that's called the glass gal thumb through
How dare you she can make out something about the Scottish
All right, well unsolicited but now definitely a fantasy come true my god. Tell us we're good people you don't have to
All right, well the only thing the only thing left that could possibly make you feel better as if you played judges and dragons with us, right?
Yeah
I'm sure Joel will be will be a wonderful D&D player. I
Cannot wait
Is that do we need more?
I played a lot of top secret growing up, but not as much time
That's you know impressive in its own right
So I still have my original top secret box at home with all my characters in it
That's really cool. It's like I'm really turned on right now. Yeah
Good thing you're sitting down
And if you have as much hair on your head and face as you do around your dick, it's gonna be hard to see
Well, there's more of my friends. There's more where that came from Spencer's Spencer's longer looking at shadow run books
Lately. Oh, yeah, this guy this guy from Austin pile driver who's that's his nickname. I can't remember his real name
He gave me a shadow run book and it's pretty great. Hold on
You know a guy named pile driver
He's he's from Texas. Yeah, uh-huh. Yeah your wrestler. I pray
No, he's a nerd
Oh, like yeah, okay. He gave me his book. He said he had an extra copy and that he's he's a lover of nerd culture
You know, he wanted to spread the wealth
Okay, I'm a lover of nerd culture
Get it. My name is pile driver. I
Want to treat you real nice
Nerds deserve better
You come in the back of my rig. I'll treat you real nice
I don't I don't thank you. My name is pile driver. I
Feel like you're just saying that you love nerd culture. I love nerds. I want you to come in my truck
I love nerds. You don't seem like a nerd. You seem like a lot. I'm a nerd
Just one sex. I'm not wearing the nerd clothes. I've got a nerd for Wayland Jennings
I'm a nerd for highways. I'm a nerd for fistin. Why do you have a sidekick with you?
That is that there's my rig my rig my rig kicker
I have to get back to the coffee shop that I worked at so hey, I'm a nerd for coffee. Give me a day
Give me some coffee. I'm a nerd. I've got coffee that came out of a weasel's asshole
And my friends are foodie. He's a foodie and a nerd
We're gonna my girlfriend from Liverpool, and I just want to
We don't want any trouble. I'm a I'm an anglophile, too
I love money pattern. I love you those angles
You're the most agreeable predator I've ever met so
I'm gonna show you a faulty tower. You won't forget. Come on up back to my 18 wheeler
I'm an anglophile nerd weasel coffee, but I love shadow run and
D&D
D&D 10-4 I
Will play Bonnie there as a straddle you
Come on back. I got a six-level rogue with a vorpal sword with a bag of Holden and sad of his keister
Feel like you've just memorized a lot of words
To lure me into your cab this is gray Hawk coming down from the 10 to the 5
I should when when I was playing D&D with my high school friends this guy
You know like that movie the fly this guy got trapped in a teleporter with a bag of holding and each which version of the fly
I don't know. I never saw it
The one where they get fused, you know fused together
Right the fly in the person. I'm glad to rail this story. No regret it
It's important to clarify the gold bloom version. Yeah, well again. I never saw it. I heard that in the audience
Yeah, so yeah, yeah, yeah, he fused with the bag of holding and then so he gained the ability to like store up to you
Know 50 cubic feet in his asshole
It was one of the most useful
Mutations he could have man
agreed Daniel
A simple yes or no Daniel I mean either it's useful to have to be able to show hinges upon you agreeing or disagreeing
to this
Okay, someone just yelled out more radio CB sick
He's got Tourette's
Yep, see I know stuff about people
Do you want to pass these characters? He's down. Yeah, I do top-to-bottom, you know
regular top-to-bottom 10 to 5 I got
Things that nerds know but it sounds like
It's like that movie mimic when the huge cockroaches look like they were homeless people on the subway
And I'm gonna keep going with this analogy because it was
What Oscar winners movie remember the movie mimic when the guy kept going miss I
Love that movie
Are you talking about Armageddon?
That's that's a that's a $50 bill from Joel. Can you give meltdown another $80 for their microphone?
Can we edit that out so that I think people are gonna love that while they're jogging people like
I'm gonna be driving to work and their cars gonna flip over
Okay, Duncan, you're you are quark. You're not Krista Burke, so you don't have to mutilate
I'm sorry I did that I really am I wish I'd never mutilated Camille's care. We're all human man
And you never really played D&D before you don't know what's what it's all good. Yeah, I should never have done that
I'm sorry Camille. I should have never done a lot of things that I done
In the movie mimic. There's an old man
There's these like moth monsters that inhabit the subway and the
They look like old men in trench coats and the only way the only person that knows right away is the autistic child of a
Shoeshine guy and the autistic kid calls him
Mr. Funny Shoes like this and so and so his father keeps going like mr. Funny Shoes
You're gonna watch the movie mimic
And then the kids bring home a
A huge cockroach baby and with the best part is that they stored in a Cheerios box
Which I'm sure I can't imagine the meeting they had with with General Mills where they're like they want
To store the deadly baby. Is that mimic one or mimic two mimic one?
Who's a joke?
Make one is mimic
The only mimic this motherfucker's a mimic purist. Everyone knows that the best sequel is called mimics
Like aliens come on I
Like mimic
Mr. Funny Shoes, he like yells it out there like the phrase mr. Funny Shoes done in this horrible Italian accent
Mr. Funny Shoes
Hey Spencer. Hey, I have a post it from the
Netflix original arrest of development. It's a classic. It says gained items robot baby plus power unit 300 gold
Yeah, okay, so
Did you say you had a question?
I was letting you know that I have it because I'm gonna kick your ass all over this thing
No, is that that was part of the character that I'm oh, yeah, yeah
Robot baby. All right great. All right. You could kick anyone's ass with that
So you in the live audience like you you you're a couple episodes behind
Because because we haven't aired the podcast, but that's so you have to pay particular attention to
Spencer's
Summary. Yeah, this is like watching Game of Thrones four episodes ahead
Yeah, and you guys on stage you
You have to listen really less
Because so dusty do you got any music or
Closer I start to try try to do the German version
Last time on Harmontown
Our heroes were deep underground on a sacred and secret passageway known as the ghost way
After leaving Rose book our gang was headed to Farnheim the frozen city to confront Admiral Darkstar
But they didn't know where to go so they hired a guide one young boy named Lil Baskins
Baskins was cheery but wasn't as he seemed for the group quickly seemed to suss out his true nature that he was in fact
The ghost of a long-dead child just trying to earn an honest dollar the gang embraced
Baskins in love and acceptance and the group was off Lil Baskins guided them into a secret and pitch black passageway
Warning them that the spirits don't appreciate the light and they attempted to blunder through the darkness blindly
But after falling into an overcoming a pit trap
Christopher realized that he had night vision goggles
The trip was about to get a lot easier or was it what mysteries lie ahead on the ghost way?
What spirits lurk in the dark depths and what of the robot baby find out now?
That was so serene like I want I want that CD yeah
That's what Katara I think I hope that's a local artist that we can all support like the end of a Felicity episode
It's like if you like tonight's D&D music
Go to go to go to go to go to go to jet jet face
Jet faces jet faces at LACMA this week, I think yeah
Yeah, he has a live instance. He's picked a name ironic to his genre of music
He's largely an ambient artist
He wanted to he wanted to make a big impact on that scene a jet face
Coming to the stage now is jet face
You can see jet faces work at the new LA natural history museum in the dinosaur exhibit music hit the music hit the music
Well, you learn about glaciers jet face will be playing. It won't play the music while you're doing it
Oh, no, it doesn't I mean come on jet. He's got to queue it up. The cassette has to be rewound
Shit, but don't worry. It's not a metal tape. All right
Jet face is
Coming to your town. I'm jet faces manager
Peter
Tinklage
Do you like in your face ambient sounds that
Relax the fuck out of your entire nervous system
Do you want to be swept to the fuck up in cosmic serenity?
Come to the third street Wilkinson bridge
We're gonna show slides of glacial movement
blue whales fucking
With music by
Chet Chet Chet Chet Chet Chet Chet Chet Chet Chet Chet Chet Chet Chet Chet Chet Chet Face
And that
That was just jet faces manager
That was just that was the pitch
That was the pitch. Yeah, if you hang out with the actual guy your hotel rooms getting burnt. Yeah
His hotel rooms have concrete floors
Melting skull oil paintings of Rockefeller
Dan I would see jet face in a second
Jet face see the Austin bats fly out from under the bridge and jet face. Don't you mean Houston bats?
You're right too soon. What were they booing? I don't get it. They don't know what
So usually everyone doesn't know what's happening is that right? Yeah, that's usually the yes
That's the case. You're in total complete darkness
You can hear the echoes of your voices and you find that from what you can hear you must be in a huge
Underground cavern
You've just passed the pit trap and you're you're
Re-consolidating blindly and ready to earn taking stock of your situation. Who's Chris de Burgh here? It's it's Daniel
All right, Joel. Okay, so you just your character just put on
A dark vision goggles, right? Well, he didn't put them on yet. Would you like to put them on? I don't care
Does it advance this podcast? Yeah, of course I put on my dark vision goggles. I would love to know who's yes
I cannot wait. I put on the fucking goggles
Putting on the goggles everything comes into sharp relief. You're on a narrow pathway
That's no more than 10 feet wide stretching on into darkness flanked by bottomless pits on both sides
You'll have to watch your step
We watch our steps
You watch your step, but they can't because they're still blind. Hey, what do you see?
What do I see you see a pathway flanked by bottomless pits
I see a past pathway with a bunch of bottomless pits and there's a woman from Liverpool with us. All right
Well, we'll watch our step
You you can't watch your step you're blind. Well, I
Well, why can't we do like these where they're like they go like this. Yeah, like he's he's doing a prancing pony
He's putting his foot in front of yeah, I mean the water like he's
He's telling us because he can see he's like telling us. Okay. We're standing on a very narrow thing
So, yeah, we're
Should we should we fire up like a I shoot an arrow at something?
Get an arrow into the darkness. Can I I'm just gonna cast mage light miss. Okay, you cast
Roll it die. How do you know what cuz you didn't hit any or you didn't aim it. Oh, sorry. Can I little little baskets?
Oh, hey, I'm about to cast mage light. Is that cool? No, I told you total darkness the spirits don't appreciate lights
Okay, all right. Okay. Okay. Okay. So why don't we do like the hokey pokey where you put your hands on each other's shoulders?
Yeah, and and he leads us
Yeah, it's like a wet. It's like a wet
Yeah, we're gonna line you fucking
That's where did you get that shirt?
Fuck off. I call the hokey pokey when I'm in a game through this dark cave assholes
Spaddle over this nice foreign lady
She's from Liverpool that's that's that's that's called Tuesday
Spencer we're doing a conga line
Yeah in conga line formation this cave you find it really easy to make your way through through the through the passageway
It turns out that that's all it took
Great spend ten minutes on that
Thank you
So you get you get to the end of the passageway and you can feel the wind coming in from the other side of a port
Colas, that's a that's a locked gate
With mechanical armaments that make it work and portcullis is a locked gate. It's like a locked gate with your ears
It's a locked gate because a portcullis has gears and shit and gates don't typically have gears
I don't you're right. I stand very correct. Why are you trying to wait? He's the dungeon. I'm a dungeon master, man
What I'm a dungeon master
He's a he's a Joel played football in
Yeah, the real
Dungeons and Dragons, so he's like
He's kicking sand on the umpire. That's what he's doing. They have right umpires and
That was the perfect touch job, what are you talking about? What are you talking about strike three?
Two-yard penalty
All right, so okay. Yeah, all right
You find yourself at this portcullis the the wind blowing in your face indicates that you must be near the surface as fresh air is flowing
If you could get past this portcullis, you might be out of here. Little Baskins is like
Uh, I don't know how to you know, I just usually phase through walls
So I don't know how to help you guys out the robot baby said that a little Baskins. He's a ghost boy
We have a robot baby and a ghost boy. I can understand your confusion. We would what we asked the robot baby
What what should we do? We're at this?
Complicated gate. We should uh, we should try and unlock it. I think unlock it. Hold on. Hold on. We should try to lock it
I think
Sorry, sorry everybody that makes sense now. That's how robots talk. That's how robot babies talk. Yeah, that's one of two voices
I do
All right robot baby. Well, do you think you could unlock it? I can do it as sure as I like getting kicked
You
Like it and you like getting kicked I love it. I
Kick the robot baby
He likes it
You knock him into the portcullis and he hits it with a sharp clang before bouncing off
He said he can like getting kicked
He what he said he can like getting kicked. I sure can
He could also like not getting kicked, right robot baby. I sure can
He doesn't feel pain clearly
He said he likes getting I misunderstood I thought he said he likes getting kids that he can like getting kicked
I can like it
Did him kicking robot baby into the gate unlock it? Oh, yeah, yeah
We all contain multitudes. All right
Christopher you're a Christopher is a thief, right? He sure is Christopher. I know you're Daniel. Okay?
Who's Daniel? Oh, Janelle nitty. Okay. Do you want to be Christopher? No, no, no, no. No, it's not a big deal
If they Joel Christopher, you're a thief
You could unlock the I will steal the gate. I
I
Put it in my room
My cape my hooded cape. Oh
I will use whatever you would recommend to unlock this case. Well, I'd ask I let the chef
Don't be cheating you gotta ask Dan Dan probably can help you out. Well, you should probably have some thief tools. It's true inventory
Would that be in my gear? Yeah, I promise you have thief tools. Oh, I'm gonna use
boring podcast to get through there
I'm sitting here reading in front of you
I'm quietly reading my gear and not just and you're like, how dare you we can the tension is huge
All right, I'm going to say a number of things and you tell me if I can use them team. All right
Thieves tools. Yeah, I'm so sorry. I lashed out the way it is. All right. It's all right. The world is changing man. Yeah, I
Do have some acid if you need that later and one one Bola. I don't know what that is
That's a should I use a smoke bomb? You could I mean now
I'm gonna use the thieves tools on the road the gate on the what do you call it?
Shut up. I
Don't care using using your thieves tools. You completely dismantle the portcullis and can easily detach it and take it wherever you'd like
Welcome assholes. Yeah, thank you. See oh see you played Dungeons & Dragons
It's just like on that TV show it was pretty
It was like the cartoon for when I was a kid and that movie with one of the Wayans brothers
Oh my god, that movie was is so good. Awesome. Yeah, what it's
Everyone share me irons was amazing in that movie. Oh my god
Dan have you ever had the Dungeon Master flip-bat like this? I don't think so
I
Never talked to him about the shitty Dungeons & Dragons movie. It's so bad
It starts with like he murders a dragon and then CG blood
Which is doing the same thing that normal water, but you know colored red would do downstairs
But it's terrible CG and you're like this is gonna be good
And it doesn't disappoint in that it completely disappoints
I just remember like one like monster guy in the city going like if you want I will cut up your heart
Like he does like this really weird performance thing
and
Yeah, that was it
And as I my face turned bright red and I like I just looked down at something for the rest of the movie
Yeah, that sounds about right. There's this guy with blue. All right through the portcull. Yeah, that was the guy
He looked like a frangie kind of and they never explained that choice and it doesn't matter at all that he looked like that
Oh my god, I bet everything please watch it grips were high-fiving that guy awesome acting choice
Yeah, that was amazing. We're at the end of your line. You went. Oh, that was a weird at all
That was actual acting. You did great. I'd love it. Shut up. Danielle. Let us play
How did this get made should do the Dungeons and Dragons movie?
Yeah, tell them that
portcullous threshold transgressors
You walk into a natural stone cave with its dimly lit from the outside light little Baskins is like
You know when we get out, it's gonna wait. That's not his voice. Sorry little Baskins like when we get out
It's gonna be real cold and you know unless you have some serious parkas. We're gonna need to gear up or you're freeze to death
Okay, so just you know keep that in mind. I put on a coat. You don't have a coat. I put on the gate
I just
I like I like my flaming sword. I have a flaming sword. You do that. So it's I light it or whatever you do
I click it to get it going and I would like to say thank you for that. Thank you. So we have warmth now so works, right?
Yeah, you guys have warmth currently don't I still have a thing of resisting elements of something
I think there's the resistance cloak, but uh, yeah, I mean if
Little Baskins is like that cloaks not gonna work. What winners coming? I?
Put on the amulet of autumn so it's not that cold yet
But that I was like burning leaves that's the season it currently is I was like pumpkin spice
Are you it's a little Baskins?
It's gonna get so cold out there that resist to elements doesn't work. Well resist elements is a spell
I'm talking about your cloak of resistance. He got there. It's pretty shabby if you ask me
What do you recommend little Baskins some warm animal hides we gotta go hunting what do you whatever you want?
Did we just spin off into a different like series like we're just gonna be about us hunting and curing leather
Hey, do you want to freeze to death because it could be about that instead I?
Killed Danielle's character and hide inside of her body
She's a taunt on right it's like that. All right. I don't die. I retract that all right
All right guys. Well, I guess we have to go hunting for indigenous species. This is so exciting
Let's go looking for stuff
So you as you're exiting the cave you hear the sound of some sort of snoring beast
I hope it has fur
Proceeding ahead you can see two sleeping rhinocerai
Holy shit
Those motherfuckers are covered in leather
But not fur yeah, yeah, but leather we can have a leather party if we kill these
Okay
What do you think what's your character's name?
Dignity SARS guard. What do you think you want to do that? Okay?
But what if we could tame them and rise stop talking to loud
What if we tame these rhinos? What would teaming we're not gonna kill right?
We don't have time to tame the rhinocerai wait. I kind of want to hear what just out of morbid curiosity
What wait, where do you see teaming them going?
Because then when we're in the cold they can pee on us to keep us warm
Not only will be warm, but we get to have get really aroused by water sports
Do you understand that the only reason pee is warm is because it's inside a
Rhino there's a lot of pee in a rhino
Yeah, but dude the moment the pee hits the outside then we'll be cold from being wet. Not everybody's a scientist
Why did you bring this dick with us?
It wasn't it wasn't for moments like this that just
I see these fuckers we ambush the rhinos
We could at least
Use their meat to lure furrier animals
We have a plan
I'm gonna throw some blinding powder at them, okay blinding power plop powders powders
Oh, are you guys gonna anyone else gonna do anything right at this turn before the rhinoceroses, you know, yeah
What is God's bread?
God's bread is a plant
Are you asking me?
It's a magical plant. What does it do? It's not gonna kill rhinoceros you eat a couple leaves of it
And it's like eating an entire loaf of bread
Which is really my nightmare. I'm using my
I'd like to use my armulet of spring to ensnare the rhinos with 20 feet of
Vines
Yep, and I use my amulet of winter to call a sleet storm on top of the
Well now we're gonna be really cold asshole. Well, it's on the rhinos. It's not us
Your sleet storm is that
discerning and specific
Yes, it's like rain in Miami. It's a
All right, what about a dignity you want to do anything somebody stab these things
That's yeah throwing ox. I can throw my throwing ox on it. All right
doing those things
Chris de Burgh throws his blinding powder into the midst of the of the of the rhinos is
Dignity loses her axe
It uh, it strikes one of them right in the shoulder above its front leg dealing
Five damage
Nice nice job
Chris de Burgh summons a sleet storm sending driving sleet and ice and it's cold water quark quark did it not
Christopher weird day for these rhinos
Blind what happened that's cold
snowing
Into the cave. What did Dan do? I use my armulet of spring to ensnare them so that they are
a captive audience for these rather nefarious activities
While you launch vines towards the rhinocerai you you casting your
Magical armulet takes a bit longer than throwing
Throwing an axe so the rhinocerai is hit by the axe bolts upright and charges out of out of the cave
But the other one is entangled fast and blinded
It's it's struggling wildly like a mad animal
That's I have something called a dragon dick. Yeah, that's
That's got to do something great. It can fuck a dragon
Can I fuck this charging rhino like a dragon the charging rhino has left the cave
Oh, you can fuck the risk. I don't I don't like the idea of the blind rhino. It doesn't sound good. Do it. Fuck the blind
I use my dragon dick on the blind rhino
Untweetable, yeah
It's way too big you couldn't even get it into anything dragons are giant. They're fucking big, right?
How does he where does he mission accomplished? Sorry guys my dick's too big
Nice nice
To big to put on right now who has a sword all of you have swords I think oh
Yeah, I hit it with my flaming sword
Barbecue dude you do that and it deals some amount of damage
Well, that's pretty obvious, right? Yeah, I think so especially when you hit him ten damage and it catches fire
Rhino meat for everybody however the fire it burns out the vines and it becomes unintentioned
Shit sorry. It's cool
It struggles to its feet and starts crashing into the cavern walls
It starts sending rocks and then sand and dirt coming down from the ceiling above. It's it's getting kind of dangerous
But you aren't attacked by it because it's all to keep warm
It's all because you decided to do stuff to rhinos. I mean
We could have walked past them and hoped to come to it like a coke factory or you could have crept up on them and slit
Their throats. I mean, there's a lot of factory right over on the other side of the rhinos
Okay, dude, I think that
Morene is the only person that could cast resist elements and she's dead
What do you guys want to do? Should we kill this rhino? I think we have
What Tourette's I
I
Okay, I'm gonna who's who's up next whoever goes first I have chains
I use the I throw my chains around the rhinos legs to try to snare it
All right, the rampaging rhino is too wild to get your chains in it
Sorry, I would have shocking grasp. I hear the kids. I got I'm a slave to the streets
I will give them what they want
It's part of the urban culture. I will do shocking grasp on the rhino
Striking the rhino with a lightning infuse the grap grasping motion
What are you doing to my mind? It looks like having sex with a shocking the rhino. Yeah
It takes 25 lightning
Yeah
We're saved we are saved and it falls to the ground stunned it's not dead
But it's definitely I walk up and stab it in the throat
Wait, can I talk to it? I'm gonna talk to it. Well, which do you do first? I speak rhino to it
No, you don't speak rhino. Oh, yeah, you don't sorry. I had to make sure
First thought best thought stab it at the foot. I stab it in the throat
And I yeah, and then I try to saw its head off and then I want to wear the head
Wait, wait, I stop him
Let it piss on us first
It's not he didn't say it was pissing. We're not gonna wait around for that. All right. We are dude
We are people I guess I'm fine in this cave. You already unleashed a cold storm onto the thing. We're freezing fine
That's true. You guys are pretty chilly, but you find it rather easy to stab the stunned beast in the throat and saw off
It's head and wear it on your head
It's a look that you definitely can pull off and now I'm gonna sing something by black Sabbath. I'm not sure what
Just about no
Black Sabbath song black Sabbath is the best man ever. No, it's been a hard year for black Sabbath as if I were Elvis Costello
I'm gonna sing about black Sabbath
Dead rhino. All right, we got we got one dead right. You know what they say. Yep one dead rhino
It's better than albino
Yeah, I have a skinning knife. You sure do. I start skinning this rhino. All right, you
Yeah, it's easy enough you skin it. I'll go get the other rhino guys
And I trot off like a like a breathless Hillary Swank in an action film
Let's just somebody wear the rhino and let's get on with this thing. We've got what we got to move on with them
What is our point of all of this? What's the point? Where are we going? Fornheim the frozen city?
We're gonna freeze to death is the thing. We got rhinos. We killed they're not gonna make us warmer. I guess
Do you think we could make warmth out of rhinos?
Yeah, I don't help a little bit. I mean maybe stuff some like hay in there
Oh, is there hay around not in the cave, but maybe somewhere or dried leaves. I know I don't know cardboard
Newspapers I run off where the other papers and cardboard in D&D. No, I'm sorry. I was I was being a
Word I'm in pursuit of the other rhino
Yeah, you are you step out of the cave into a into a similar graveyard in the forest
It's a nice little graveyard with probably less than 30 graves in it
You can see that several of the graves are just devastated and a large portion of the fence has been dismantled as if a rhino had charged through it
Are there are there are there corpses or bodies in the devastated graves? Uh-huh
Probably I mean wearing clothes. Do they have maybe we could wear the corpse clothes to keep warm little
I don't want to smell that bad
Little Baskins. Hey guys, I'm little Baskins. You're dead. What do you make of this cemetery? It's uh
Right, I feel right at home
Are you gonna be offended if we desecrate these graves look for fur coats?
Well, it looks like those guys are right ahead of you in the corner of the graveyard
You see two dark figures that are hunched over they look like they're digging digging for something grave robbers
You didn't see him before because a rhino devastation
The two forms stand up they reveal themselves to be gnolls and they're like, oh shit. You are here fast
We fuck
You identify yourselves
You you bastards I will not do that
Don't you don't you remember when you killed our brother our brother Yerch in cold blood?
And we swore vengeance
This is that bitch
This is your vengeance. Oh, yeah running into you in a well cemetery
Yeah, we're a bit late for our vengeance and remember that and then remember the time we got vengeance on that one guy
By digging and hoping he would come near us. My friend has a point your vengeance is lame
Well, why are we how are we seeking vengeance just keep digging he's gonna show up
Let's go to a remote location and dig and then the vengeance will come up out of a box
It doesn't work. We're gonna lay a sprinkling pipe and where's vengeance ever the the smaller of the two knolls
Spreads his arm out and you see black lightning bolts surge into the earth below
And then you hear a rumbling almost as if the ground is moving and several bony arms burst out of the soil and start to
Pull themselves out to their feet. Oops. I pull out my hole. I have a hole. I pull out my holy symbol
I have a holy symbol. Oh shit. You don't talk about your dick, bro. I
Pull out my cock
No, I'm not Chris de Burgh. No, it's not his
Quark doesn't have a dick anymore either
He has so two guys two people in this group. Yes, someone else's cock. He pulls it out
Holy shit. Yeah, there's one cock left in the party
Because Chris de Burgh cut his own penis off in an earlier episode. Yeah, it was awesome when I did that it was necessary
And I'm fine. It's gonna grow back. I'm a fucking salamander. All right
It takes a while. What do we kill these dead people, please? Yeah, do something you can you from Liverpool?
All right, she she mumbles nothing
She makes a high-pitched mumble. Does that work? It's super effective
No, no, I'm sorry. That doesn't work. I look at these gnolls and I say y'all using blood magic
Not yet, bitch, but I'm about to he
Slashes his thumb open and smears it across the scroll and holds it above his head
And you see a swirling torrent of blood come out of the scroll and surround these skeletal zombies and engulfing their forms and sticky
Coagulated blood. Oh, all right anything else
He pulls out a shotgun, okay
I just want to know thank you
All right, we should stop there. We got a big fight coming up with some skeletons. We're gonna stop Dungeons & Dragons there
That's the that's the end of the show. Hold on. What what what all we did?
Yeah, let's kill one of two rhinos for no reason welcome welcome and we were cold
We accomplished more in this session than we've ever accomplished in G&D ever
That's like Joel McHale for coming by
Guest Comptroller Duncan Trussell Daniel from Liverpool
As always
The nerd melt theater Dustin Marshall back there and Zach working audio Spencer crittin's in the dungeon
Maybe go figure out a way to download the yahoo screen app back
Download the yahoo screen app, but if you already have within months, it could become totally relevant
And thank you guys from Communicon for coming and blessing us
And we will see you in season six and then a movie and then beyond. Thanks you guys. All right